yes we can I'm las vegas I hope
that you are already well why
glasses it's just a pair a little
wink to the site jacky michel I
think all know it as passing
sent me a package with t-shirts
so I just wanted to thank them
before this video begins in
see again immediately put themselves in the
lively of the subject since I propose you is
today the review of neymar toth
since yesterday I had taken out that of
evening if you have not seen the link
will be in the description
I asked you to put 400 like
before midnight and you absolutely have
everything exposed since we were almost at
1000 and here I present you my me
bought 2 million 4 95 from General 98's
94-85 pass speed there was none
on transfer market there when I
the lilies you are in fact we have not at all
it's an extremely rare card to
find and seven outstanding cartels
five floors and techniques and bad
foot obviously the neymar 2 million 4
I will put the prices as usual
just down and also at the passage I
just to tell you that in the pubs iam
but if as you can see if
you reach me like me before tonight
before midnight I will propose the rule
of messi tomorrow saturday
I hope that suddenly the review goes
to please you as usual
present in three parts first there
will have the statins game in second the
clips with my opinion and in three a little
recap with positive points
and the negative points that I retained
on this we stotch marks here are the
Guys I wish you a good viewing
and especially like the tube do not hesitate to
put 1 inch blue a like if you
liked and to subscribe and also if
you want your credits go on http
goo.gl will be at the very top in the
description you said yet in
more right now with my code weekend
Do not hesitate if you want me
to please and buy the players
you dream of watching
we will start with the game statins
neymar as being able everything is in the
green 99 in acceleration and agility 90
in balance and 96 in speed and 99 in
endurance if you do not have any good
had I invite you to re put back
or hit pause 99 in dribbling and
in finish 95 a penalty 90 this
soaring five stars of bad foot and
of technical gestures that allow 75
quick dribbler and acrobats in
specialty and he also has flair in
neymar features already it's a
player that I really like it's a
like that's his regular card game them
test as well as his card up game that
I use quite a lot in teams of
kissing with the famous msn but if
suarez neymar so to the passage message
would have made all the players of this
Barça team attack him in review
down since messi is going to be at the same
program either tomorrow or Sunday and
neymar down this coach card i
really enjoyed playing with it seems to me
even easier to watch
both banks and technical gestures
it's really nice to have a
player who is also technically good
he is very comfortable since already his
speed allows him to give the tournis
to defenders and in addition he is very
old and east they sneak between
all the defenders by chaining the
techniques and beautiful finish
really impressed me that will give
reading even more comfortable than his
normal map and it's really a cliff
at the level of the low positioning I
hated on his left side but also
in the second part scorer like you
you can see it
and that's really fun
to have a player who passes so they
can make file to the appeals
as you could see on this clip
he takes his left side but when he
transplant in the focus he is just as
dangerous since that's it remains
still a very fast kind and
excellent finishes look foot
right foot left there is everything that comes in
once again a beautiful call control
chest and he will try to score
pity
the guardian stops but it's really
to show you that marc at the level of
call
it is excellent on this first clip I
had placed him in scorer story of a
little to give you my opinion regarding
it's better to have it as a scorer or
one side and that's pretty hard
to answer what is same cinema
do not look at it, besides, it does not tremble
not in finish it is excellent in
both positions and it made me happy
to be able to test it on both fronts
whether on his left side / or
then in single peaks attacking in
is really I loved in both
positions so everything depends on close to
your tactical scheme that you
prefer but neymar
how he can play everywhere at the level
passes I really liked it had
still some assists at
level of his stats you will show this in
end of video and that's agility
really a kiff
after at the level of the finish I held
just to say it's not necessarily seen that
it's not a scorer at the base, it's not
common on is he will not see who
will complete almost at the bottom
neymar he is not as accurate as him
but it's still excellent
since here are 99 I want to you
remember in stats in finish but he
may not be as good as a
attacker we'll say to see the attacker
born but neymar frankly it's very
simple to use as a player
it's the only few geniuses in the head
since now that placing him scorer
obliged from time to time he will have and
he had put this little goal of the head
for me after regarding his project
his position in the team I have
really get back to the stage find very
easily on the ground like you
could see on the left side and
call surpluses and on the quotient
in lax, too, he remains very
very well positioned each time with
especially an excellent positioning
aggressive
never look on this action it goes
recover and instant finishes
first post
cinema it goes back left foot right foot
of the head is still a bit of a
little more complicated knowing which allows to
75 so as you could see on
all the goals I like there is that one
only of the head but that the left
right foot this is neymar it looks very
natural for him to score speed
obviously this is the big advantage of neymar
since that's where you can draw the
guardian like that and the foot finish
Left will not pose a problem his
finish are restless and his dribbling
it's actually an absolutely safe player
that I was already that his base card
it is excellent and in addition with the
price now you can really from
to please
as for this map the top 20 months I the
finds exceptional after maybe a
only negative point it will be its price
since this is not necessarily for
all goals and we 'll be silent ends
his trios with these goals which is
a little gag on a web of
dreamworks neymar he sowed terror
in the defense to finish this
region is going to play which show you the
neymar stats after six games played
11 goals and two assists it's
still a very good at it
change shovels play on both the
left side and also some matches
between scorers so I really took
a lot of fun playing with this
kind 2 million 400 thousand that's right
it seems a bit expensive we're going
to say knowing that would deprive them with the
forks we know that no no it's
very complicated to have credits but
in the end bah me I think it was worth
the shot to buy it right away
since as wise and you propose
this review but it will be the only point
negative I'm going to go back on this
map of neymar toth since that's it
apart from the price and its rarity knowing
that since the rating has just been released
true that it is quite complicated to
find some players including messi
and neymar I know they are very
complicated to find since there actually
I resold them after this video
they instantly went to the level
positive and negative points
Well here we will start with
positive points since the only one like
you could see in negative it was his
rarity and its price the speed that him
allows to trace absolutely the whole
world the agility that allows him to pass
at the heart of spending no worry and
to chain the dribbles his finish game
a 1000 anyway a positive point
since it ends very very well it takes
still not many opportunities for
mark gimmick passes only
maybe two assists but
at the level of the openings he has like
it's very very good taf is a very
good collective game within the team and
the five states of technical gestures and
bad foot that absolutely make
phenomenal and it's really a god this
is no marcotte on the ground we can
not give it another note than wine
on wine absolutely perfect map did not
no other how for that I am
really happy to have you
propose this preview
knowing that here I go first in
France to you take it out so I hope
that you're going to support the guys taf
and that would make me really happy
the comments the lakes anyway
I look at all your opinions and I tell you
see you next time, I'll see you
find tomorrow if you expose the like
for messi go hi guys